---
layout: post
title: WISP 2025 announcement
cover-img: /assets/img/icis-2025-logo.png
---

**Workshop on Information Security and Privacy (WISP) 2025**

Hosted by AIS Special Interest Group on Information Security and Privacy (SIG SEC) 

**LOCATION/DATE:** Nashville, Tennessee, Sunday, December 14, 2025 

**SUBMISSION DEADLINE:** September 30, 2025

**WORKSHOP DESCRIPTION:**

The AIS Special Interest Group on Information Security and Privacy (SIGSEC) is pleased to announce its nineteenth annual Workshop on Information Security and Privacy (WISP) to be held pre-ICIS on Sunday, December 14, 2025, in-person at Nashville, Tennessee. This workshop is a premier research forum for the leading researchers, practitioners, and doctoral students interested in information security, privacy, ethics, and trust to exchange ideas and collaborate with the members of the SIGSEC community and others. We invite individuals to submit research articles, case studies, position papers, research-in-progress, methodology papers, and panel discussion proposals that address all interesting aspects of information security, assurance, and privacy, including but not limited to: 

- Socio-technical systems analysis of security and privacy 
- Cultural issues in information security and privacy 
- Behavioral issues in information security (e.g., insider threat) 
- IT risk analysis, threat assessment, and incident response 
- Penetration and intrusion detection analysis of vulnerabilities and risk exposure  
- Security and privacy in e-government, organizations, and social networks 
- Impact of cybersecurity on citizens and national security 
- Digital forensics 
- Security analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence 
- Deepfakes, disinformation, misinformation, and multimodal data quality analysis 
- Bright and dark sides of AI; security, privacy, technology, and tools 
- Legal, societal, and ethical issues in high-tech crime 
- Cybersecurity education, pedagogy, and skill development 
- Cybercrime, cyber threat intelligence, detection, and mitigation 
- Future advances in information security and privacy 

All submitted papers undergo a double-blind peer-review process. Please submit your papers using our conference submission system at <https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=wisp2025>. All submissions should be in PDF using the workshop template only, with no author names or other identification in the manuscript file, including document properties and tracked changes (blind the submission, please). Please use the WISP2025 style for your paper and references. Paper and poster templates are available for download from the AIS SIG SEC website (<https://ais-sigsec.org>, choose the "WISP 2025" menu option at the top of the page). All authors should be prepared to review 1-2 other papers. Completed research and case study papers should be limited to 15 pages (including appendices but excluding references). Research-in-progress papers should be limited to eight pages (including appendices but excluding references). Panel proposals should be limited to three pages in length. Final camera-ready manuscripts of accepted submissions should include the author's name, email address, and affiliation. Questions about submissions should be emailed to <greg.bott@ua.edu> with WISP2025 in the subject line. WISP is a supportive and collegial workshop and encourages doctoral research. Notable papers authored (or co-authored) by Ph.D. students may be nominated for awards. High-quality review feedback is one of the hallmarks of this workshop, and top reviews are also recognized. 

**DATES:**

- Submission Deadline: September 30, 2025 
- Notification of Acceptance: October 27, 2025
- Revised, Camera-ready Document due: December 5, 2025 
- Workshop Date: Sunday, December 14, 2025
